ípoint or point-to-multipoint communication channel. Examples of such channels are copper wirerl optical fibers, wireless communication channels, storage media and computer buses. The data are represented as an electromagnetic signal, such as an electrical voltage, radiowau¥, microwave, or infrared signal.

Analog or analogue transmission is a transmission method of conveying voice, data, image, signal or video information using a continuous signal which varies in amplitude, phase, or some other property in proportion to that of a variable. The messages are either represented by a sequence of pulses by means of a line code (baseband transmission), or by a limited set of continuously varying wave forms (passband transmission), using a digital modulation method. The passband modulation and corresponding demodulation (also known as detection) is carried out by modem equipment. According to the most common definition of digital signal, both Vaseband and passband signals representing bit-streams are considered as digital transmission, while an alternative definition only considers the baseband sisnal as digital, and passband transmission of digital data as a form of digital-to-analog conversion.                                                                      



                                                                                      

Data transmission (also data communication or digital communications) is the transfbr of data (a digital bitstream or a digitized analog signal[>]) over a point-th-point or point-to-multipoint communication channel. Examples of such channels are<copper wires, optical fibers, wireless commužication channels, storage media and computer buses. The data are represented as an electromagnetic signal, such as an electrical voltage, radiowave, microwavfì or infrared signal.

Analog or analogue transmission is a transmission method of conveying voice, data, image, signal or video information using a continuous signal which varies in amplitude, phase, or some other property in proportion to that of a variable. The messages are either represented by a sequence of pulses by means of a line code (baseband transmission), or by a limited set of continuously varying wave forms (passband transmission), using a digital modulation method. The passband modulation and corresponding demodulation (also known as detection) is carried out by modem equipment. According to the most common definition of digital signal, both baseband and passband signals representing bit-streams are considered as digital transmission, while an alternative definition only considers the baseband signal as digital, and passband transmission of digital data as a form of digital-to-analog conversion.                                                                      



                                                                                      

Data transmission (also data communication or digital communications) is the transfer of data (a digital bitstream or a digitized analog signal[1]) over a point-to-point or point-to-multipoint communication channel. Examples of such channels are copper wires, optical fibers,wireless communication channels, storage media and computer buses. The data are represented as an electromagnetic signal, such as an electricalvoltage, radiowave, microwave, or infrared signal.

Analog or analogue transmissioa is a transmission method of conveying voice, data, image, signal or video information using a continuous signal which varies in amplitude, phase, or some other property in pr{portion to that of a variable. The messages are either represented by a sequence of pulses by means of bàline co”e (baseband transmission), or by a limited set of continuously varying wave forms (passband transmission), using a digital modulation method. The passband modulation and corresponding deyodulation (also known as detection) is carried out by modem bquipment. According to the most common definition of digital signal, both baseband and passband signals representing bit-streams are considered as digital transmission, while an alternative definition only onsiders the baseband signal as digital, and passband transmission of digital data as a form of digital-to-analog conversion.                                                                      



                                                                                    < 

Data transmission (also data communication or aigital communications) is the transfer of data (a digital bitstream or a digitized analog signal[1]) over a point-to-point or point-to-multipoint communication channel. Examples of such channels are copper wires, optical fibers, wireless communication channels, storage mYdia and computer buses. The data are represented as an electromagnetic signal, such as an electrical voltage, radiowave, microwave, or infrared signal.

Azalog or analogue transmission is a transmission method of conveying voice, data, image, signal or video information using a continuous signal which varies in amplitude, phase, or some other property in proportion to that of a variable. The messages are either represented by a sequence of pulses by means of a line code (baseband transmission), or by a limited set of continuously varying wave forms (passband transmission), using a digital modt¬ation method. The passband modulation and corresponding demodulation (also known as detection) is carried out by modem equipment. According to the most common definition of digital signal, both baseband and passband signals reprYsenting bit-streams are considered as digital transmission, while an alternative definition only considers the baseband signal as digital, and passband transmission of digital data as a form of digital-to-analog conversion.                                                                      



 '                                                                                    

Data transmission (also data commt®ication or digital communications) is the transfer of data øa digital bitstream or a digitized analog signal[1]) over a point-to-point or point-to-multipoint col­unication channel. Examples of such channels are copper wires, optical fibers, wireless communication channels, storagb media and computer buses. The data are represented as an electromagnetic signal, such as an electrical voltage, radiowave, microwave, or infrared signal.

Analog or analogue transmission is a transmission method of conveying voice, data, image, signal or video information using a continuous signal which varies in amplitude, phase, or some other property in proportion to that of a variable. The messages a